J o n a t h a n K a P P e l
Enigma for some, monster to others, 
Jonathan Kappel is one of the most bizarre and 
unpredictable active Messengers in the world.
Originally he was the half breed son of the 
greatest which of her time and The Dragon, the 
supreme Aeon that incarnates fantasy itself, but when 
Rah’s machine destroyed the supernatural, Jonathan’s 
father was separated from the existence and locked in 
one of the Intereigns. All that remained of the great 
Aeon in Gaïa was a partial shadow of The Dragon 
which, having no real ties with the world, tried to 
consume Kappel to survive. However it 
would be the young Jonathan, just a child 
back then, who absorbed the remains of 
his father, becoming a partial avatar of 
Fantasy in the world.
Real and unreal at the same time, he receives the 
title of Fairy King, an eternal entity that could never grow. 
As a flesh and blood Aeon, Kappel has immense 
personal power that allows him to control the 
supernatural at will. He instinctively knows the name 
of impossible spells and magical creatures, so he’s an 
incomparable sorcerer and summoner.
Jonathan, raised as a gentleman before ascending, 
always behaves with impeccable manners, but he is 
still a child and acts as such. Constantly bored, often 
he interferes in the affairs of men to spend time. 
Depending on the day he can be a fairytale villain, a 
hero of legend or the shadow that pulls the strings of 
the events, but usually none of his actions are really evil. 
Sometimes he has come to help various organizations 
in the shadow, such as the Order of Magus, Samael or 
even Nathaniel.
He currently lives on the back of a minor Aeon 
known as The Folklore, whom the eternal child calls 
his living castle. Like the other Messengers he has not 
been directly involved in the events of Arcane and what 
appeared in the tower was only a shadow created from 
his memories.

 0 4 9 0 5 0


Kappel, the darK child oF liGht
Level: 15 Category: Between Worlds 35
Life Points: 245
Class: Warrior Summoner
Str: 5 Dex: 12 Agi: 9 Con: 7 Pow: 17 Int: 15 Wp: 11 
Per: 13
PhR 105 MR 135 PsR 120 VR 105 DR 105
Initiative: 145 Natural
Attack Ability: 270 Orbs of Light and Darkness 
Defense Ability: 260 Dodge
Damage: 75 Orbs of Light and Darkness (ENE) 
AT: None
Act: 100
Zeon: 1.975
Magic Projection: 220 
Summon: 370
Control: 295 
Bind: 310 
Banish: 110
Magic Level: Light 80, Darkness 80
Essential Abilities: Superhuman Physical Characteristics, 
Divine Spiritual Characteristics, Orbs of Light and Darkness 
(Natural Weapon), Inhumanity, Gift.
Powers: Natural Weapon, Igneous Canon, Blade Wings, 
Limbs, Terminals, Vulnerable Point.
Size: 12 Medium Regeneration: 1
Movement Value: 9 Fatigue: 7
Secondary Abilities: Swim 105, Notice 105, Search 105, 
History 105, Occult 255, Magic Appraisal 180, Style 105.
Supernatural Affinity: Any supernatural creature, 
regardless of its nature, feels that Kappel is a related entity 
or an elemental of superior hierarchy. Beings with superior 
Gnosis than Kappel ignore this capability.
Everywhere: Once each turn, as an active action 
Kappel can teleport at will anywhere in the world. This 
ability allows him to even enter other planes of existence, 

as in The Wake, or even in places with 
supernatural seals. Kappel usually has no limits 
on the number of times he can be transported, 
but if he does to exceptionally remote or protected places, 
he can be weakened and need some time (sometimes 
minutes, sometimes hours) to be able to teleport again.
Elemental Immunity: Kappel may become partially 
immune to any attack except to the one he chooses from 
the following list; Light, Darkness, Fire or Ice. In doing so, 
attacks based on any other element (or those not related 
to any particular) will cause only half damage, while those 
based on the element that is chosen cause normal damage.
Beloved by Magic: Kappel has an unparalleled 
ability to attract environmental magic. Therefore he 
absorbs ambient Zeon at extremely high speed and, if in a 
place full of magic, he can recover between 5 and 10 points 
of Zeon each turn.
Gnostic Knowledge: By looking at any being whose 
Gnosis does not exceed his own, Kappel can see floating 
over their head the real name of the creature.
Door to Fantasy: This is undoubtedly the most 
strange and unique supernatural ability to Kappel, the 
ability to summon and control not only “real” supernatural 
creatures that exist in the world, but also fantasy creatures. 
His power allows him to “call” imaginary beings, invented 
creatures that have not even really existed in the world, 
only in the imagination of people. Therefore, Kappel is 
always able to summon beings that fit perfectly in his needs 
at all times, a virtually unlimited list of entities. This ability 
does not allow him to “call” creatures with Gnosis equal 
or superior to Kappel’s.
Reality and Fantasy: Kappel can “make fantasy” 
from reality, allowing him to “undo” events that have just 
happened. Therefore, he is able to override anything that 
has happened around him in the previous turn, believing 
that such event didn’t take place. This power allows him 
almost anything, from ignoring attacks, prevent that 
someone dies, or even cancel more complex events. This 
ability does not allow him to affect the actions of entities 
with Gnosis equal to or higher than his own, nor the ones 
of people with Gnosis 15 points (or more) higher than 
their Natura. Kappel can only use this skill once per day.